You would see this sight every day
wish to ice surfaces on germany
world champion Aljona Savchenko shows
the ice age in wiesbaden spectacular
here you can please the spectators
but especially to the offspring of aljona
and bruno mars on the ice together
go and train the sport in the
to bring the city and the young
excite
these are the aims of the german Foundation
Sporthilfe with a view of the ball of
sports 2015 aljona savchenko succeeds
apparently with ease and you too
future art run banner bruno mars too
joke an intense
training session with many tips for
the stars of also pass
and, of course, aljona present themselves
savchenko and her future ice partner
bruno mars so at this event to the ball
also sports together on the ice
as a small forethought on future
competitions and galas interested
spectator on the edge as art
running legend marika kilius and hans
jürgen bäumler together olympia
medals had brought their autographs
still high on the ball
she has been fond of sports for years
seen regular guest on the stress
done to say when I look in the times
I have to go up at night after the show
the ball of sports and then I'm at three
maybe come on the ball
but at that time was so many people there
finally has to do tomorrow
And that has always been a great time
and because I'm so soon black
actually always the ball of the year
always firmly planned
flowers for the grand dame of
figure skating tips for the offspring so
makes an ice age on the
christmas market just special fun